# CS330
This project helped me hone some design skills that I have not had previously. I have always been passionate about art but have never been able to apply my techniques to a graphical interface. This project taught me how to add objects, textures, lighting, and movement to a computational 3D scene. I followed a typical design process which broke the bigger picture into smaller more manageable steps. I started by studying the requirements, did a lot of research, brainstormed, sketched it out, developed concepts, made revisions, and then made it to completion. The tactics from my design approach can be applied to all aspects of software design by helping to minimize the uncertainty and risk of innovation.
Some new development strategies that I used while working on my 3D scene include detailing, texturing, rendering, and post processing. Iteration factored into my development through rendering. My approach to developing code evolved throughout the milestones by adding new ideas and concepts that I have not been able to use in past development projects. Computational graphics and visualizations provide knowledge and skills related to data visualization. Visual representation will help me make sense of large amounts of numbers or text. It will help me translate raw data into tangible concepts in my future educational pathway. In my professional pathway, the computational graphics will allow me to provide appropriate visuals and animation to graphic tools for software. It will also help me create good interfaces for my software systems. 
